Well, we get in these big boats
and it takes us right up to
where the water's coming down.
Right up to the edge.
If we're lucky, we might actually see
- some people coming over in barrels.
- Barrels?
It's a thing in Niagara Falls.
People put themselves
in these big barrels...
like pickle barrels.
They just hold tight and...
No, no, they don't.
I'm telling you.
- No, they don't.
- Okay, fine.
I guess you'll just have to wait and see
for yourself, then.
It's saying two hours and 20 minutes.
- Okay.
- We should get gas.
We still have a quarter of a tank.
Let's just fill it up, please.
Okay.
- What was that?
- I don't know.
What happened?
You got it.
You got it, you got it, you got it.
Look.
- I'm not even doing anything.
- Whoa!
All right, I'll push.
All right, crank the wheel.
That's it.
Nice work.
You've got some strong muscles, boy.
We still don't have service.
All right, so we'll find a phone.
Somebody'll take a look at it tonight.
What are you doing?
We're not hitchhiking!
Adam!
Okay, I guess we're walking, then.
I saw a sign for lodging up the road.
We can call a mechanic there.
I... I know a guy. I can call him.
But I can tell you right now,
he isn't gonna do no work tonight.
How much for a room with two beds?
59.
- Oh, God.
- What?
My wallet.
I left it in the car.
It's okay.
We'll get it in the morning, okay?
Hey.
How are we gonna get to
Niagara Falls without a car?
Oh, we still have our car.
We're gonna get it fixed
first thing in the morning.
We'll see the falls tomorrow.
Given the changes that are
happening to liquidity,
many of those same investors
are not appreciating...
I know, I just... You're just
acting like it's no big deal.
- And it is a big deal for him.
- I know that.
For me, too.
The car breaking down has
nothing to do with my attitude,
Bess, okay?
I'm just trying
to make this fun for him.
We shouldn't be spending the night here.
Well, I can't exactly barge
into some mechanic's place
and pull him off his couch
right now, can I?
- I know, I just...
- Okay.
- What do you wanna do?
- It's just that...
Hey, buddy.
How you doing? You good?
Come on, let's get ready
for bed, all right?
Hey, what's the matter?
Did you have that nightmare again?
- What's going on?
- I wanna go home.
Oh, honey.
Hey, it's okay.
This is just a little... delay.
You're okay.
Hey.
Come on.
There we go.
♪ Down in the valley ♪
♪ Valley so low ♪
♪ Hang your head over ♪
♪ Hear the wind blow ♪
♪ Roses love sunshine ♪
♪ Violets love dew ♪
♪ Angels in Heaven ♪
♪ Know I love you ♪
Okay. We're all set.
Mechanic's finishing up a job.
He's calling me back in an hour.
- What time is it?
- 8:15.
Where's Julian?
I introduced him to the joys
of the breakfast bar.
He's getting us tea. He insisted.
And I'm gonna take a nice, hot shower.
- You left him there?
- Yeah.
I did.
And he's fine.
Hey.
He's fine, okay? He's a big boy.
- He...
- It's okay.
You're such a bad father.
The worst.
It's me!
Look at you.
Oh, thank you. This is so nice.
Our room service is here.
Thank you. Mmm, smells like licorice.
Oh.
Oh. I'm gonna take a shower.
- Sounds good.
- Yeah.
And it's looking like a few
more days of fair weather
with rain on the horizon...
Adam...
Are you okay?
Adam?
Julian.
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
- Jeannie.
- Hey.
- Gonna be in the back?
- Yeah, he's back there.
Dad.
I'll be right there.
There we go. Thank you, Jeannie.
I ran into the Hendersons.
And they asked about you.
They were really hoping
you can make it tonight.
You show up, eat some barbecue...
I don't... No, all of those
couples and screaming kids.
You got something against kids now?
Maybe you'll meet somebody there.
At Helen's? Come on.
- Dad...
- You don't know.
No.
Besides, I've got a break-in
up in Ansville.
And then I gotta go food shopping...
- Hey, Patrick.
- What are you doing?
Looking good. What?
- Dad.
- What?
It's dressing. I'm eating salad.
- Ranch is all cholesterol.
- It's a salad for lunch.
I'm serious. Jeannie?
No more ranch for him from now on, okay?
You got it, sweetie.
Hey.
What do you mean, a 10-35?
Who's there now? No, don't do anything.
- I'm coming. I'll be right there.
- No, no.
I gotta go.
What the hell's a 10-35?
Hey.
- Where's F.I.U.?
- On the way from Syracuse.
EMTs are calling them deceased.
Supposedly it's a couple in their 30s.
Checked in last night with their son.
- There's three of them in there?
- I don't know.
They told me to just
hold down the scene, so...
Jesus.
Are these rocks?
- Who else has been in here?
- No one.
What about the housekeeper?
She says she didn't step inside.
She didn't move the bodies?
I just said she didn't step inside.
I was just making sure, Brick.
I'm gonna ask questions more than once.
All right.
Brick.
Keller PD! Hands up!
I said hands up!
Hey.
Is it just you? Is anyone else here?
It's okay.
You're all right.
Really? That's what
they're doing nowadays?
You expect the kid to call you?
That's how things work now?
Look, I'm just saying nothing's
gonna change
until you call her.
- You know?
- Yeah.
Say you wanna see your grandson.
You're a grandpa. You get to nag.
I don't wanna nag.
Will you look at that?
I mean, why do they have to cut
those hedges into right angles?
Where do right angles appear
in nature anywhere, huh?
Next time I'll catch you guys...
- ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
- Oh!
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear Harry ♪
Make a wish.
- Hello?
- Hi, is this Harry Ambrose?
Yeah, speaking.
Hi, uh, this is Heather Novack.
Jack Novack's daughter.
Oh, Heather. Okay, yeah.
- I'm sorry to bother you.
- Oh, no, no.
It's all right. It's all right.
Uh, is everything okay?
Is... Is Jack okay?
Oh, yeah, he's fine.
I know I'm calling you out of the blue,
but I, um...
I recently made Detective.
And I just got this case up here.
I don't know what to call it.
It's a double murder.
I think it's a double murder.
- This is in Keller?
- Yeah.
Just outside of town.
Look, I know it's not like
we've been in touch at all.
But my dad talks about you,
and I read about your case
with that woman a few months ago.
Eh, they made too big
a deal of that thing.
Well, I could actually use
another set of eyes on this.
I know you haven't been back
here in a long time,
but I was hoping maybe
you could come up here
and take a look.
The reason is the suspect, he's young.
Really young. Like, maybe 11 years old.
Honestly, I have a lot
of eyes on me with this one.
I don't wanna make the wrong call.
Anything you can do to help.
Detective Ambrose?
Run!
In local economy news,
the state budget office
released its jobs report yesterday,
and the news is not good for our area.
It lays out the news that
unemployment is up,
jobs are scarce...
- Detective.
- Wow, look at you.
Thank you so much for coming up.
Welcome back.
Definitely, uh...
You're all grown up now.
A little young for a detective.
Well, I'm still on a trial period.
Not quite gold shield yet.
How is it being back? It's been a while.
Yeah, it's... trying
to think about that,
I think, uh, 15 years or so.
- For my mom's funeral.
- Yeah.
And I...
They're waiting for us probably, huh?
Uh, I wanted to tell you, um...
I told the Chief that you were
just visiting my dad
and it was your idea to
come by and help out.
I didn't tell him I called.
It's okay.
All right.
Okay, so far, what do we have?
The father's name is Adam Lowry.
Pennsylvania license.
A couple of jobs
in and around Allentown.
Nothing on record
for the past six months.
We didn't find any ID on her.
According to the motel manager,
the family had a breakdown
on their way to Niagara Falls.
We're trying to locate the car.
And, uh, what do you think
is the cause of death?
Aside from the fall,
there was no blunt trauma,
so it's looking like
they ingested something.
Toxicology's gonna take at least a week.
How long you gonna be around?
Oh, I thought I'd stay for a day or so.
- You okay with that?
- Sure.
- So you're a Keller native, huh?
- Yeah.
You must've gone to Putnam
High School back in the day.
- I went to Garrison.
- Ah.
It's no wonder we never crossed paths.
Yeah. So, uh...
Is it a suicide or an overdose?
I've seen my share of overdoses.
But the bloodstains and the water,
it looks like dad was
showering when he collapsed.
They didn't know what hit them.
And we have security footage
from the motel.
He was the only one seen going
in and out of the room.
And his fingerprints
are on both of the mugs.
So you think that he poisoned
them and then he arranged
the bodies this way?
Well, we haven't filed charges yet.
He's not speaking.
And since the parents are deceased,
DSS took him into custody.
- Where is he now?
- Foster home.
And then the two veterans,
Martin and Osborne,
they both won this
championship before...
He's under guardianship of the state,
so we'll stay here until we
can locate next of kin.
As his lawyer, I need to be present
- any time you speak with him.
- Is he speaking?
He did start talking this morning.
Said his name was Julian.
He's still in shock.
Hasn't been answering many questions.
Julian?
There are some people here to see you.
You remember Detective Novack?
And this is Detective Ambrose.
Hello.
Hi, Julian. How are you doing?
Um, we're here just
to ask you a few questions
so we can get a better idea
of how to help.
Is that okay?
Can you tell me where you live?
Where were you going with your parents?
Niagara Falls.
Okay.
Um...
Was there anyone else
traveling with you?
Mm.
What about at the hotel?
Meet anyone there?
Did anyone come into
your room at the hotel?
- No.
- You're sure?
Julian?
Can you tell me what
happened that morning?
What happened to your parents?
They died.
How did they die?
All we wanna know is what you saw.
Moment by moment.
That's it.
They had to go back.
Who?
Back where?
To the beginning.
What does that mean?
Julian?
Julian, help me understand.
I think that's enough for today.
That kid was not normal.
I mean, that sound he made?
That was not normal.
And I don't even have a motive for him.
I mean, maybe he didn't
know what he was doing.
Maybe he isn't quite,
you know, all there.
Hey, hey, something might
have happened to him.
What in the hell are you guys doing?
- Food is in here.
- All right.
Hey, Jack.
Hey, Ambrose finally comes home.
- Where's the freaking parade?
- Yeah.
You're still spending the night, right?
- Yeah, uh, it's still okay?
- No, no, no, it's good.
- It's good.
- Yeah, okay.
Hey, Jean, this is the Keller old boy
I was telling you about. Harry Ambrose.
Look at that hair. Here, give me this.
- Welcome back.
- Uh, Dad, I got your beer.
- Good.
- And the dish soap.
Good, good, good. Get in.
I've got dinner on the stove.
- Why's he just looking at his food?
- I dunno.
- Hey.
- Eat your food, man.
- Eat your food.
Food goes in your mouth.
You don't stare at it.
Wanna play fetch? You're a dog.
What happened when you were outside?
Julian?
I was walking back
from the barn with Vish.
And what did you do?
I didn't do anything.
Julian.
He took my stick away.
And why did he do that?
- Because.
- Because?
Because what?
He didn't want me hitting the fence.
And he took it.
He's taller than me,
so I couldn't reach it.
And then what happened?
Julian? What happened?
I became Shadow Julian.
And what are you supposed
to do when that happens?
Julian?
Should have seen those bodies.
Wouldn't think a kid would do that.
Makes you wonder, doesn't it?
What those parents did?
Your own kid killing you?
I look at him, and I...
I get this feeling.
- I don't know.
- How old is he, again?
13. Looks younger.
Well, you're old enough
to know what murder is at 13.
There's no doubt about that.
13.
We were blowing up lamp posts
at 13, remember?
Lamp posts?
- The Damianos.
- Uh...
You had all that, uh, gunpowder
and we blew up their light.
- They called the cops.
- Really?
How do you not remember that?
Those years are... there's
all kind of a wash, I guess.
Harry, there was an explosion.
People remember explosions.
I'm sorry to hear about you and Faye.
- It's all right.
- It's tough.
No...
It's all right, uh...
I still see Melanie
and my grandson, Eli.
- Eli? Good.
- Yeah, it's all the company I need.
- Hmm.
- Yeah.
I appreciate you helping
Heather out with this thing.
- She doing okay?
- Oh, yeah.
She's got a good handle on it.
She worries a lot.
But she's a good girl.
Oh, yeah.
She's gay. Did she tell you?
- No.
- Yeah, she, uh...
She came out to me a few years ago.
How was that?
Great. Great.
It's not getting in her way, man.
She's, uh... hey, she's a go-getter.
Like her mom.
- I'm gonna head home.
- No, no, no.
Sit with us for a while, please.
I need to crash. Meet me at the station?
- 10:00?
- Yep, yeah.
Isn't she beautiful? Look at her.
All right, um, don't tell
anyone about the case
- at the restaurant, okay?
- No, I won't.
And you're running out of toilet paper.
- Make me a list, please.
- All right.
Good night. Be safe.
Good night.
Let me know if you need
any local recommendations.
Hi.
Mr. Patel, we're all done with the room.
- Do you have a few minutes?
- Sure.
- This is Detective Ambrose.
- How you doing?
You mentioned you'd seen him
that morning?
Uh, yeah, yeah. I only saw him once.
You see, I was here at the desk.
Uh, and I wanted to use the bathroom.
So I came in over here.
Uh, see, this is where we
set up the breakfast bar, uh,
in the morning, 7:00 to 10:00.
I saw the kid standing right there.
Found it a bit strange that
the kid was trying to make tea.
But then I said maybe
because he was sick.
Sick?
What do you mean, sick?
Well, he had bunch
of tissues in his hands.
And I was worried that
he was gonna touch bagels.
You were out at the desk.
When was it he came in?
I didn't see him come in.
He must have come through the back door.
So I found the sneakers over there.
You know what this is?
Jimson Weed.
It's an amazing plant.
It grows in backyards, in the woods,
along roads. The flowers are really...
They smell good.
Here.
Yeah.
Most people wouldn't have a clue,
but you know exactly what would happen
if you touched that plant, don't you?
After a couple of hours,
your skin's gonna break out.
Like this.
And if you eat it or if you
drink a tea made from it,
it'll kill you.
You went out behind the motel
and picked some leaves.
And then you steeped
the leaves in hot water.
That right?
Yeah.
And then what did you do?
You were upset.
You wanted to make things
better however you could.
Right?
I gave it to them.
To your parents?
And you knew what would
happen when they drank it?
Yes.
Why did you want them to drink it?
Julian.
They're gonna press charges against you
and it's gonna get harder.
There's gonna be a lot
of new people around here.
And not many of them are gonna listen.
Now...
Now is when I can help you.
If you try to tell me.
My mother...
What about your mother?
Julian.
Why can't I just go home?
Jesus.
Well, I have to say this is a first.
We have a confession and
enough circumstantial evidence.
We could file charges now.
Well, I see he's been
assigned a public defender.
No next of kin?
He says he doesn't have any.
We haven't been able
to track anyone down.
Does he seem disturbed?
Are we dealing with psychosis here?
We're not sure.
Sign of the times, huh?
Our own kids coming after us.
You realize it's gonna be
a circus once you file this?
Get ready.
Oh, I got a lunch.
- Good seeing you, Detective.
- See you.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hey, you, too, Detective.
This is family court.
Once you file the charges,
you have three days
until the court date.
So what are we gonna do?
We gotta wait.
We don't have the toxicology back yet.
We need more time with him
before we start
that whole process.
Right?
Right.
So I guess this means
you're staying on for a bit.
Yeah, yeah, I thought so.
If you don't mind.
No, no, that sounds good.
So how'd you end up in Dorchester?
You mean why did I leave here?
Yeah.
This area is...
You know, in the 1800s, it was
swarming with Evangelicals.
Joseph Smith saw God, started Mormonism.
Spiritualists talking to the dead.
The Burned Over District,
they called it.
There's something in the soil here.
Things won't stay quiet.
Julian, lights out in five minutes.
Why do you feel so bad?
- 'Cause I hurt Vish.
- That's true.
But we talked about this, didn't we?
When you push those feelings away,
they just get stronger.
Shadow Julian is Julian. He's you.
And when he comes knocking,
what are you supposed to do?
I let him in.
That's right.
Mom, I got some!
Mom?
We found the victim's car.
At an orchard on Route 6.
We found the mother's wallet, but no ID.
Who these days has no ID?
Yeah, that's strange.
We're towing the car in.
Meet me at the station?
Yeah, sounds good.
I gotta go.
Your daughter's hot on the trail.
- Can I get that to go?
- I'll go get it packed up.
What's the damage here?
- Harry, it's on the house.
- Oh, no, no.
- I gotta paid for it.
- I'm not taking your money.
Well, I'm not taking your food for free.
Now you're being an idiot.
Just, here.
Harry, what is this?
I thought we were friends.
Yeah, we are.
Now take your goddamn money.
All right.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
One shirt, blue. Looks like a woman's.
Okay, wallet. Pair of women's underwear.
Beige.
So we got the plates.
The car pulled into the parking
lot, the luggage...
See these front tires?
They're turning to the right.
- Yeah.
- If they were going
to Niagara Falls,
they couldn't have been coming
from Pennsylvania.
They were driving down toward I-90.
From this county.
They were coming from the north.
What exactly are we looking for, here?
I don't know.
Something.
Anything.
All right, you guys want some lunch?
Hey, Brick, are these all
the bags that were in the car?
Yeah.
- You're sure?
- Yeah.
Just the canvas and the duffel.
Then where are all Julian's things?
Do you see a kid's toothbrush anywhere?
No.
- Kid's underwear?
- No.
T-shirt, socks?
Oh, my God.
What kind of parents go on
a trip and don't pack a bag
for their kid?
What were they planning
on doing with him?
Excuse me, I'm here about the incident
at the Rockford Lodge Motel.
How may I help you?
The boy who was taken into custody,
I need to know where he's being held.
And this is regarding what, ma'am?
I'm his mother.
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com